Currently, digitization of all areas of life is a leading development trend around the world. The application of information technology to management services and applications is extremely urgent and inevitable. In which, the extremely developed service area is watching movies at cinemas.
We can easily see some inadequacies with the way movie tickets are sold without using information technology applications. The movies, the information of each of those movies, for each movie, there are separate showings and for each show, there is the date, time, and seating chart attached. Thus, the volume of data is extremely large, if only managing the data without using technologies and understanding the data-base, it is extremely difficult and easy to cause problems such as leaks, loss of data. In addition, booking tickets for users needs to have visual diagrams, and always update booking status. Failure to do so may lead to duplicate bookings, or incorrect bookings. And for the role of a manager, it is extremely necessary to constantly update information about the movie list, the list of screenings quickly and scientifically.
Grasping that trend and realizing the urgency of the topic, the project team has developed a Movie Ticket Booking Application that makes it easier for users including managers and their customers's service usage.
The customer creates an account, logs in, selects movies, selects showtimes and can choose seats according to the program's suggested algorithm. After that, you can print invoices, accumulate points, store booking history. At the same time, the application also develops a function for managers, can check booked tickets by invoice ID, log in, view, add, delete, edit information of user account list, list movies, a list of showings, and even check the current booking status of any showings.
